docsrc/source/index.rst, before:

Add badges and labels like this:

.. ATTENTION::
    This library is in very early stages. Like the idea of it? Please
    `star us on GitHub <https://github.com/jkapila/forutils>`_ and contribute via the
    `issues board <https://github.com/jkapila/forutils/issues>`_ and
    `roadmap <https://github.com/jkapila/forutils/projects/1>`_.

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/{{codecov_username}}/forutils/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/{{codecov_username}}/forutils
  :alt: Code coverage
  :align: right
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
  :target: https://github.com/ambv/black
  :alt: Code Style
  :align: right

=============
Library Title
=============	

**forutils** is a library to do stuff.

.. epigraph::
   *"My Library" [m-eye-lie-brare-eeh] ~ a beautiful tagline*

Introduce the library here.

Some parts of ReStructuredText (rst) are shown to help you write your docs in :ref:`a_chapter`.



.. _reason_for_being:

Raison d'etre
=============

Insert your personal rant here...



.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   self
   installation
   quick_start
   example_chapter
   api
   license
   version_history

Commit message:

Hope this resolves the documentation page

docsrc/source/index.rst, after:

Add badges and labels like this:

.. important::
    This library is in very early stages. Like the idea of it? Please
    `star us on GitHub <https://github.com/jkapila/forutils>`_ and contribute via the
    `issues board <https://github.com/jkapila/forutils/issues>`_ and
    `roadmap <https://github.com/jkapila/forutils/projects/1>`_.

.. 
  image:: https://codecov.io/gh/{{codecov_username}}/forutils/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
	  :target: https://codecov.io/gh/{{codecov_username}}/forutils
	  :alt: Code coverage
	  :align: right
.. 
	image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
	  :target: https://github.com/ambv/black
	  :alt: Code Style
	  :align: right

=================
FORecasting UTILS
=================	

**forutils** is here to make better features for forecasting purpose.


.. epigraph::
   This is some test text here!!!


Lot have to be written here but would write eventually.


Something which I dont what to see right now but is only for reference :ref:`a_chapter`.



.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   self
   installation
   quick_start
   example_chapter
   api
   license
   version_history
